#US Forest Service Tactical Branch

#this will act as the template base game faction for this stage of worldbuilding

It is often said that the US Forest Service has taken "Goldilock" amount of attrition, not too much like the Californian National Guard so all the veterans are bled dry, not too little like the 
"Second Wave" Texan rangers, who have so little idea what they are facing and got wiped out in the following days. Right now the Service is the No.1 choice for handling most forest-related incidents

The Forest Service Tactical Branch took its founding myth from the desperate battles fought all along every national forest trying to contain the "critters". The "founding fathers" of the tactical
branch includes a hodgepodge of forest rangers armed with water hoses, law enforcement officers with pistols, and a few drug control program officers with decked out AR-15s fighting against hordes
of monstrosities born from nightmare. The survivors of the nightmare began to adapt and win. 

Right now, the Tactical Branch is equivalent to an light infantry brigade with two infantry battalions, an artillery battery of 120mm mortars, a loitering munition battery, an air assault company
and a motorized company with Strykers armed with 30mm cannons. Each battalion consists of four infantry companies, medical center and organic UAV assets. Each company has 12.7mm machineguns (mounted on technicals
or carried), and 3 or 4 infantry platoons. One of the infantry platoon may be mounted in JLTV/HUMMWV for extra protection on farmland patrols

The command in tactical branch is very decentralized due to the nature of most patrol operations. It is very common for platoons to be split into "Sticks" of 4 men, sometimes even less. 
The tactical branch is used as specialist light infantry/reconnaissance and also rear security/QRF duty. 

South of Klamath is the "No Life's Land", Officers from Tactical Branch is responsible for maintaining a watch on the area and occasionally conduct raids across the land to gather intel, destroy valuable targets
or just to kill as much critter as they can. 

Tactical Branch officers have developed their own culture. There are several type of different LARP style around: Rhodesian (politically incorrect, can get mocked, expect to get punched in the face 
whenever one is seen with these), Vietnam (Old school cool, sometimes a bit cringe), Pacific war (the one with Japanese if you are short on cash, the one with Chinese if you are rich, but true vets 
don't like that)

So there are two playstyles, one is the "No Life Zone" approach, which can get pretty intense at times. The pay is better this way. The players are expected to guard the firebase, conduct infiltrations around
occasionally sent on raid missions. The most dangerous type of mission is QRF operations, which sends players right into the breach. The other is "local security". It is recommended for GMs to rotate 
between the two type of cases. Local security takes the player into Old Klamath itself. Most operations will be in rural areas as US Forest Service is still part of Department of Agriculture. 
The Security operations will include much more frequent interactions with other human, and it can turn bad really fast. The combat intensity is usually lower, although GM may send the players
to help a besieged farm or engage a band of looters in the refugee camp. 
